are you looking for the most luxurious
most delicious mashed potato recipe ever
we've come to the right place if you
have I have a pretty fantastic recipe to
share with you very simple very
delicious the first thing that you want
to do is peel and cut up into 2-inch
pieces two and a half pounds of Yukon
Gold potatoes the great thing about
Yukon Gold potatoes is their texture is
fantastic and they make a really nice
fluffy but slightly dense mashed potato
they have a gorgeous golden color that's
very appetizing to look at when you're
eating if you can't find you gun gold
go ahead and use any red skinned or
white skinned potato for this don't go
for the baking potatoes they'll be too
dummy cut the potatoes into 2-inch
pieces approximately obviously it
doesn't need to be exact here because
well you're gonna cook them and mash
them you just want them smaller so they
cook faster and even so that they cook
evenly then put them in a pot and then
cover them with water by about two
inches make sure they're fully covered
put them on the stove add some salt
bring it to a boil and cook it until the
potatoes are really nice and tender
that'll take about 15 minutes I have a
cup and a half of cream here I'm just
going to heat it on the back of the
stove while the potatoes are cooking so
it's nice and warm and doesn't cool down
the potatoes when we add them I like to
check to see if the potatoes are done by
just mashing them against the side of
the pot and making sure they mash
because when you're making mashed
potatoes you need them to be completely
falling apart not waterlogged but mushy
so once they're
drain them and then what I like to do is
put them back in the pot to dry out a
little bit so make sure you get off as
much water as possible so the drier they
are the fluffier they're going to be
from here you can do one of three things
you can use a food mill the really
useful tool if you make tomato sauce a
lot of the time pureed soups you can use
a food mill another great tool is a
ricer this is actually my favorite tool
to use because you trust your potatoes
straight through here and the potatoes
come out the other side really really
nice and fine and then your standard
potato masher that's gonna give you a
lumpier texture a little bit more
homemade feeling as opposed to that
super high-end mashed potato today I'm
going to use the rice so what you want
to do is you take your potatoes once
they're drained scoop them into your
rice er over the pot so nothing falls
out and you can see that as they're
cooling all the liquid is evaporating
they're really really fluffy do you see
those little white things on top that
mate that means that they're fluffy
press them through the ricer right into
the pot look at that so fun it's like
using one of those play-doh machines
right this is already nice and fine so
you can just stir your butter one thick
of butter make sure it's room
temperature so it melts really easily
I'm gonna break it into little pieces
anyway
it pays to work quickly here otherwise
if your potatoes get cool your butter
will not melt so just stir your potatoes
until the butter melts and then you can
add your warm cream and in fact you can
start adding it now even before the
butter is completely melted and of the
warmth of the cream will help melt the
rest of the butter I'm just going to
start with one cup now remember you're
making a really fine sort of restaurant
style mashed potato here almost like a
puree so if you were interested in doing
this and you really wanted it extra
extra fine after you add your cream you
could pass it yet one more time through
a sieve so that it's super duper silky
and fine I am going to forego that step
because I think they're super fine
enough having passed them through my
rice group let me taste it I think
you're probably need salt
and I have to say the texture of this is
good and I don't think that it needs any
more cream and I only used about a cup
so don't just go adding all the cream at
once make sure you add a little bit and
then add more if you feel like it
doesn't make a lot but it's super rich
so everybody can do with just one or two
little dollops and if they go in for
seconds remind them that there was a cup
and a half cream in it spoon up these
luxurious mashed potatoes at your next
party Thanksgiving for instance and
watch everyone's so cozy but fancying